craft a seemingly friendly company the
name immediately calls to mind me a
naturally preservative heavy bright
yellow cheese squares manufactured and
sold by Kraft Foods since 1949 perfect
for unwrapping and slapping down onto a
hot slice of bread grilling over the
fire just begging for a crisp corner be
gingerly dipped into a warm embrace of a
scalding bowl of tomato soup YUM also
perfect for choking really really dumb
people yes folks as of today Kraft Foods
has voluntarily recalled 36 thousand
cases of Kraft singles American and
white American cheese's due to a choking
hazard what choking on cheese the stuff
you put in your mouth and eat there
choking on it well it's that pesky
rapper Steve you know that thin plastic
sheet surrounding the delicious cheese
product turns out that could cause
people to chow
okay what according to the press release
Kraft put out there have apparently been
ten complaints about the removable
plastic film including three in which
someone reported choking a Kraft Heinz
spokesperson said in an email that those
incidents weren't fatal and didn't cause
serious injuries what the problem is
apparently due to a strip of clear
plastic that could still adhere to the
cheese even after you remove the wrapper
Oh where's she be pretty obvious anyway
shouldn't it I mean if you're using the
product wrong you're gonna get bad
results forgot to take my vitamins it's
not that people were using them wrong
it's that a certain bulk amount of the
product was manufactured incorrectly and
caused more of the plastic to stick to
the cheese even when you think it's off
yeah but wouldn't you still see the
piece of plastic come on stupid humans
you're giving smart humans a bad name ah
my keyboard is filthy anyway Kraft
released an image showing which products
are affected and if you may have one in
your home it's all based on product
stamped with the best when used by date
of December 29 2015 January 4th 2016
oh my hair's still wet from my shower
this morning we dryer off anyway guys so
what are your thoughts on this recall is
it human stupidity or a good move from a
big company trying to prevent deaths or
something ah
this is why I'm so dehydrated I can
never get these open oh no here you got
to do it this way yeah
don't forget to check us out on Facebook
and give us a like facebook.com slash
SourceFed news I need some gum my breath
is kickin I wasn't gonna say anything I
know who's coming back and I know you
hate it but today we're gonna make
backpacks for you to wear backpacks go
on sale July 27th for $40 really all
right this is the Kris on or some hello
let's switch alright let's switch may I
introduce to you the world's best
backpack it's called the backpack